What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A hidden directory called .git is created within the repo's root directory which will contain the repo info such as
history,changes,branches etc. Initing the repo is the first step towards versioning your project. Without it you
can't start committing your changes.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is different in that it queues the files to be added to the repo. Where as the working directory contains
files that may or may not be added to repo. Repo contains files that are already committed.
It allows us to control the files that can be committed to the repo.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
We can add only those files that belong to a same logical change to the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Let's say you are working on an experimental feature. Creating a branch in this case means that you are able freely
add your changes to the exp branch without affecting the stable code in master branch or fixes to master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams make it clear that branches can be non-linear, that you can work on each branch without affecting the
master branch. It also let's us know that if you checkout a commit instead of a branch, then any changes we make to
it will be lost unless we create a new branch there of.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result is a commit which contains the history from both the branches & points to the currently checked out
branch. We represent it in the diagram that way because merge retains the history of both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging is useful when the changes are in unrelated files/lines. However, manual merging makes sense when
the same lines of content has changed & manual intervention is required in such a case.